README.md, before:

# junior
Non-C Junior: Automating the lifes work of MVP community member Non Creative Guy. *Supplies helpful information and guides to players upon a phrase in the Discord, amongst other helpful things*

### How to deploy and release a new version
- Make desired changes/commits
- ~~If you remember, update package version in package.json~~
- Create a new release via Github, naming the tag in the example format 1.0.0
- Github action Deploy will trigger, building the image, pushing it to Dockerhub and finally will redeploy it.
- Voila, bot is now updated in Discord.

### Necessary Environment Variables
#### For running the bot
If the Dev token is set, this will take precedence. This is an effort to avoid deploying dev commands to the prod Discord or running dev code as prod bot.
- DEV_TOKEN: Development bot token
- PROD_TOKEN: Production bot token

#### For deploying commands
- CLIENTID: ID of the bot client to deploy the commands
- GUILDID: ID of the guild to deploy the commands

- 2HOL Discord: 423293333864054833
- Junior: 888800450533548123

- 2HOL Dev Discord: 678098930503909386
- Dev Junior: 912705407850532904

### Container registry info

- Docker namespace is `connorhsmith/junior`
  - You will find **stable/released** versions here
- This repo also uses Github Container Registry, namespace `ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior`
  - You will find **unstable/dev** versions here

### Github Actions info

- We have an action to deploy the bot, triggered by the creation of a Github release. (Version format `*.*.*`)
  - This is `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`, the action is made up of three jobs. First the image is built and exported to Docker Hub, at the same time the Slash Commands for the bot are being deployed in a seperate job and finally, dependent on the build and upload job, final deployment is triggered.
  - Deployment is a bit rougher and not as easy to quickly move to another server as I would like it to be.
  - In essence, we have a Digital Ocean Droplet setup with the 1-Click-Install Docker image which has then been setup with [adnanh/webhook](https://github.com/adnanh/webhook) and the `deploy.sh` script found in this repo, loosely following [this article](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/automated-deployment-using-docker-github-actions-and-webhooks-54018fc12e32).
  - This allows the deploy action to hit the *totally secure (and not security by obscurity)* webhook with a POST request, triggering the script to run on the server.

- The other action simply builds the image and releases it to GHCR on every push to the main branch.

### Command cheat sheet

Run latest dev image
`sudo docker run --name=junior -d -e DEV_TOKEN=thetoken ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior`

Build Docker container
`docker build --tag ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior .`

Deploy commands
`export DEV/PROD_TOKEN=thetoken`
`node deploy-commands.js`

Webhook
`webhook -hooks /var/webhook/hooks.json -verbose -port 9000 -hotreload`

Commit message:

Add note in README to check dockerfile for latest Node version

README.md, after:

# junior
Non-C Junior: Automating the lifes work of MVP community member Non Creative Guy. *Supplies helpful information and guides to players upon a phrase in the Discord, amongst other helpful things*

Always check the Dockerfile for the current version of Node this project is developed against.

### How to deploy and release a new version
- Make desired changes/commits
- ~~If you remember, update package version in package.json~~
- Create a new release via Github, naming the tag in the example format 1.0.0
- Github action Deploy will trigger, building the image, pushing it to Dockerhub and finally will redeploy it.
- Voila, bot is now updated in Discord.

### Necessary Environment Variables
#### For running the bot
If the Dev token is set, this will take precedence. This is an effort to avoid deploying dev commands to the prod Discord or running dev code as prod bot.
- DEV_TOKEN: Development bot token
- PROD_TOKEN: Production bot token

#### For deploying commands
- CLIENTID: ID of the bot client to deploy the commands
- GUILDID: ID of the guild to deploy the commands

- 2HOL Discord: 423293333864054833
- Junior: 888800450533548123

- 2HOL Dev Discord: 678098930503909386
- Dev Junior: 912705407850532904

### Container registry info

- Docker namespace is `connorhsmith/junior`
  - You will find **stable/released** versions here
- This repo also uses Github Container Registry, namespace `ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior`
  - You will find **unstable/dev** versions here

### Github Actions info

- We have an action to deploy the bot, triggered by the creation of a Github release. (Version format `*.*.*`)
  - This is `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`, the action is made up of three jobs. First the image is built and exported to Docker Hub, at the same time the Slash Commands for the bot are being deployed in a seperate job and finally, dependent on the build and upload job, final deployment is triggered.
  - Deployment is a bit rougher and not as easy to quickly move to another server as I would like it to be.
  - In essence, we have a Digital Ocean Droplet setup with the 1-Click-Install Docker image which has then been setup with [adnanh/webhook](https://github.com/adnanh/webhook) and the `deploy.sh` script found in this repo, loosely following [this article](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/automated-deployment-using-docker-github-actions-and-webhooks-54018fc12e32).
  - This allows the deploy action to hit the *totally secure (and not security by obscurity)* webhook with a POST request, triggering the script to run on the server.

- The other action simply builds the image and releases it to GHCR on every push to the main branch.

### Command cheat sheet

Run latest dev image
`sudo docker run --name=junior -d -e DEV_TOKEN=thetoken ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior`

Build Docker container
`docker build --tag ghcr.io/twohoursonelife/junior .`

Deploy commands
`export DEV/PROD_TOKEN=thetoken`
`node deploy-commands.js`

Webhook
`webhook -hooks /var/webhook/hooks.json -verbose -port 9000 -hotreload`
